yo what's up half of here today I'm
gonna tell you seven things you must
know before going to Ching hai
University I saw your comments I saw you
DMS I know you're worried so stay tuned
alright number one you can register for
any class in any Faculty of any year at
Ching hai University their course
registration is super flexible unlike my
home University UBC so most of the
classes do not have prerequisites so my
exchange they're actually registered for
some engineering classes ai and data
mining design thinking and
entrepreneurship so I suggest you at the
beginning of the semester look
thoroughly through the whole entire
course selection now I just went to a
bunch of classes some I didn't even
register for it just to test them out
later you can see which fits your
interests are best and which fits your
timetable alright number two I know a
lot of you are worried about making
friends because it's a new country new
school never been there but the thing
about choonhwa is you're gonna be living
with the international students which
are all like you there wanting to make
friends so making friends is pretty easy
and making friends with the locals is
okay it's not bad the local students
actually love talking to foreign
students to know more about the Western
culture but they're just really busy
some engineers I know or taking like ten
classes and they have classes from like
a a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
how are you gonna fit into that schedule
you basically have to attend clubs or
activities that they are already going
to over there they're stuck with you you
can be with them for like two hours and
bonding times are number three okay how
are you gonna find these events to go to
well in China everyone uses WeChat you
must join WeChat groups to find out
about these events on club's day in the
beginning you add the groups and then
they were
notifications out or what I did is I
made friends with some people and their
Assam what we check groups are you and
then ask them to pull me in for example
there which I groups for your whole
entire dorm building buy and sell you
stuff give stickers on WeChat and uh
just a bunch of random things whatever
you meet a friend ask some bother we
check groups all right number four I
don't know if you've seen my campus tour
iam but chi-wai University is huge
you'll regret trying to get around on
feet okay so you need a bike I don't
think you need to buy a bike because in
China they have a lot of shared bikes
for example both'll and mobike which are
the two biggest ones so you buy a
Monthly Pass on these apps which is like
20 years per month less than five
dollars and then you can ride a bike
anywhere and then just leave it anywhere
it's perfect okay you need this to get
around campus or else very sad
alright talking about working out number
five there is a second gym okay for
those of you who've been to Chile's gym
the main gym is super crowded and it
kind of smells like old socks okay so
there is a second gym above the swimming
pool it's smaller but I love it because
it's like it has fake grass okay it's
kind of like CrossFit style you need to
go there at the beginning in the
semester because they have limited
membership and the price is only a
little bit more expensive but I think
it's completely worth it a sweet grass
it has fake grass alright number six for
those of you who are coffee addicts and
I know that's a lot of you okay the best
coffee shop in my experience is the one
in the mock tart library okay the
downstairs that coffee shop their lattes
taste so good and it's made with love
like everyone has like individually
crafted art alright last one number
seven I know you love food and Chinua
has a lot of cafeterias that you can eat
okay I have a video there if you want to
watch it of me going through all the
canteens and showing you the best foods
the best canteen at chi-wai University
is the closest one to you what's your
favorite canteen because at the end of
the semester you're gonna be like I want
to go to the side you know what oh you
want to walk to the canteen i'ma just
order food online that's the best thing
about China everything you can do with
your phone anything can come to your
door it's gonna be a great time for you
I hope you enjoy your time at you what
and for those of you who are not going
to chew my University
don't worry I will be posting more fun
videos this one's just more
informational for all those questions
and DMS I'm getting I'm making my
thumb's hurry got my thumb is for okay
but I love you so keep on clapping do
you drop a like consider subscribing I
hope you have fun at the Harvard of
China peace